Update invite-users.md (#6349)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/invite-users.md

## Invite new users

> 1. In your dbt Cloud account, select your profile in the bottom left corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your dbt Cloud account, select your account name in the bottom left corner. Then select **Account settings**.
```
